README.md, before:

# ovos-audio

The "mouth" of the OVOS assistant!

Handles TTS generation and audio playback

# Configuration

under mycroft.conf

```javascript
{

  // Text to Speech parameters
  // Override: REMOTE
  "tts": {
    "pulse_duck": false,
    "module": "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic3-server",
    "fallback_module": "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic",
    "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic": {
        "voice": "ap"
    },
    "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic3-server": {
        "voice": "en_UK/apope_low"
    }
  },

  // File locations of sounds to play for system events
  "sounds": {
    "start_listening": "snd/start_listening.wav",
    "end_listening": "snd/end_listening.wav",
    "acknowledge": "snd/acknowledge.mp3",
    "error": "snd/error.mp3"
  },

  // Mechanism used to play WAV audio files
  // Override: SYSTEM
  "play_wav_cmdline": "paplay %1 --stream-name=mycroft-voice",

  // Mechanism used to play MP3 audio files
  // Override: SYSTEM
  "play_mp3_cmdline": "mpg123 %1",

  // Mechanism used to play OGG audio files
  // Override: SYSTEM
  "play_ogg_cmdline": "ogg123 -q %1",
  
  "Audio": {
    // message.context may contains a source and destination
    // native audio (playback / TTS) will only be played if a
    // message destination is a native_source or if missing (considered a broadcast)
    "native_sources": ["debug_cli", "audio"],

    "backends": {
      "OCP": {
        "type": "ovos_common_play",
        "active": true
      },
      "simple": {
        "type": "ovos_audio_simple",
        "active": true
      },
      "vlc": {
        "type": "ovos_vlc",
        "active": true
      }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Move plugins to extra dependencies and update documentation (#38)
Co-authored-by: Daniel McKnight <daniel@neon.ai>

README.md, after:

# ovos-audio

The "mouth" of the OVOS assistant!

Handles TTS generation and audio playback

## Install

`pip install ovos-audio[extras]` to install this package and the default
plugins.

Without `extras`, you will also need to manually install,
and possibly configure TTS and Audio Backend modules as described below.

# Configuration

under mycroft.conf

```javascript
{

  // Text to Speech parameters
  // Override: REMOTE
  "tts": {
    "pulse_duck": false,
    "module": "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic3-server",
    "fallback_module": "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic",
    "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic": {
        "voice": "ap"
    },
    "ovos-tts-plugin-mimic3-server": {
        "voice": "en_UK/apope_low"
    }
  },

  // File locations of sounds to play for system events
  "sounds": {
    "start_listening": "snd/start_listening.wav",
    "end_listening": "snd/end_listening.wav",
    "acknowledge": "snd/acknowledge.mp3",
    "error": "snd/error.mp3"
  },

  // Mechanism used to play WAV audio files
  // Override: SYSTEM
  "play_wav_cmdline": "paplay %1 --stream-name=mycroft-voice",

  // Mechanism used to play MP3 audio files
  // Override: SYSTEM
  "play_mp3_cmdline": "mpg123 %1",

  // Mechanism used to play OGG audio files
  // Override: SYSTEM
  "play_ogg_cmdline": "ogg123 -q %1",
  
  "Audio": {
    // message.context may contains a source and destination
    // native audio (playback / TTS) will only be played if a
    // message destination is a native_source or if missing (considered a broadcast)
    "native_sources": ["debug_cli", "audio"],

    "backends": {
      "OCP": {
        "type": "ovos_common_play",
        "active": true
      },
      "simple": {
        "type": "ovos_audio_simple",
        "active": true
      },
      "vlc": {
        "type": "ovos_vlc",
        "active": true
      }
  }
}
```
